cmake-gui(1)
************

::

  cmake-gui - CMake GUI.

::

  cmake-gui [options]
  cmake-gui [options] <path-to-source>
  cmake-gui [options] <path-to-existing-build>

The "cmake-gui" executable is the CMake GUI.  Project configuration
settings may be specified interactively.  Brief instructions are
provided at the bottom of the window when the program is running.

CMake is a cross-platform build system generator.  Projects specify
their build process with platform-independent CMake listfiles included
in each directory of a source tree with the name CMakeLists.txt.
Users build a project by using CMake to generate a build system for a
native tool on their platform.


* ``--copyright [file]``: Print the CMake copyright and exit.

  If a file is specified, the copyright is written into it.

* ``--help,-help,-usage,-h,-H,/?``: Print usage information and exit.

  Usage describes the basic command line interface and its options.

* ``--help-full [file]``: Print full help and exit.

  Full help displays most of the documentation provided by the UNIX
  man page.  It is provided for use on non-UNIX platforms, but is also
  convenient if the man page is not installed.  If a file is
  specified, the help is written into it.

* ``--help-html [file]``: Print full help in HTML format.

  This option is used by CMake authors to help produce web pages.  If
  a file is specified, the help is written into it.

* ``--help-man [file]``: Print full help as a UNIX man page and exit.

  This option is used by the cmake build to generate the UNIX man
  page.  If a file is specified, the help is written into it.

* ``--version,-version,/V [file]``: Show program name/version banner and exit.

  If a file is specified, the version is written into it.

The following generators are available on this platform:

::

  CMake Properties - Properties supported by CMake, the Cross-Platform Makefile Generator.

This is the documentation for the properties supported by CMake.
Properties can have different scopes.  They can either be assigned to
a source file, a directory, a target or globally to CMake.  By
modifying the values of properties the behaviour of the build system
can be customized.

::

  CMake Compatibility Listfile Commands - Obsolete commands supported by CMake for compatibility.

This is the documentation for now obsolete listfile commands from
previous CMake versions, which are still supported for compatibility
reasons.  You should instead use the newer, faster and shinier new
commands.  ;-)

The following modules are provided with CMake.  They can be used with
INCLUDE(ModuleName).

::

  CMake Modules - Modules coming with CMake, the Cross-Platform Makefile Generator.

This is the documentation for the modules and scripts coming with
CMake.  Using these modules you can check the computer system for
installed software packages, features of the compiler and the
existence of headers to name just a few.

Copyright 2000-2012 Kitware, Inc., Insight Software Consortium.  All
rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

Neither the names of Kitware, Inc., the Insight Software Consortium,
nor the names of their contributors may be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

The following resources are available to get help using CMake:


* ``Home Page``: http://www.cmake.org

  The primary starting point for learning about CMake.

* ``Frequently Asked Questions``: http://www.cmake.org/Wiki/CMake_FAQ

  A Wiki is provided containing answers to frequently asked questions.

* ``Online Documentation``: http://www.cmake.org/HTML/Documentation.html

  Links to available documentation may be found on this web page.

* ``Mailing List``: http://www.cmake.org/HTML/MailingLists.html

  For help and discussion about using cmake, a mailing list is
  provided at cmake@cmake.org.  The list is member-post-only but one
  may sign up on the CMake web page.  Please first read the full
  documentation at http://www.cmake.org before posting questions to
  the list.
