cpack(1)
********

::

  cpack - Packaging driver provided by CMake.

::

  cpack -G <generator> [options]

The "cpack" executable is the CMake packaging program.
CMake-generated build trees created for projects that use the
INSTALL_* commands have packaging support.  This program will generate
the package.

CMake is a cross-platform build system generator.  Projects specify
their build process with platform-independent CMake listfiles included
in each directory of a source tree with the name CMakeLists.txt.
Users build a project by using CMake to generate a build system for a
native tool on their platform.


* ``-G <generator>``: Use the specified generator to generate package.

  CPack may support multiple native packaging systems on certain
  platforms.  A generator is responsible for generating input files
  for particular system and invoking that systems.  Possible generator
  names are specified in the Generators section.

* ``-C <Configuration>``: Specify the project configuration

  This option specifies the configuration that the project was build
  with, for example 'Debug', 'Release'.

* ``-D <var>=<value>``: Set a CPack variable.

  Set a variable that can be used by the generator.

* ``--config <config file>``: Specify the config file.

  Specify the config file to use to create the package.  By default
  CPackConfig.cmake in the current directory will be used.

* ``--verbose,-V``: enable verbose output

  Run cpack with verbose output.

* ``--debug``: enable debug output (for CPack developers)

  Run cpack with debug output (for CPack developers).

* ``-P <package name>``: override/define CPACK_PACKAGE_NAME

  If the package name is not specified on cpack commmand line
  thenCPack.cmake defines it as CMAKE_PROJECT_NAME

* ``-R <package version>``: override/define CPACK_PACKAGE_VERSION

  If version is not specified on cpack command line thenCPack.cmake
  defines it from CPACK_PACKAGE_VERSION_[MAJOR|MINOR|PATCH]look into
  CPack.cmake for detail

* ``-B <package directory>``: override/define CPACK_PACKAGE_DIRECTORY

  The directory where CPack will be doing its packaging work.The
  resulting package will be found there.  Inside this directoryCPack
  creates '_CPack_Packages' sub-directory which is theCPack temporary
  directory.

* ``--vendor <vendor name>``: override/define CPACK_PACKAGE_VENDOR

  If vendor is not specified on cpack command line (or inside
  CMakeLists.txt) thenCPack.cmake defines it with a default value

* ``--help-command cmd [file]``: Print help for a single command and exit.

  Full documentation specific to the given command is displayed.  If a
  file is specified, the documentation is written into and the output
  format is determined depending on the filename suffix.  Supported
  are man page, HTML, DocBook and plain text.

* ``--help-command-list [file]``: List available commands and exit.

  The list contains all commands for which help may be obtained by
  using the --help-command argument followed by a command name.  If a
  file is specified, the documentation is written into and the output
  format is determined depending on the filename suffix.  Supported
  are man page, HTML, DocBook and plain text.

* ``--help-commands [file]``: Print help for all commands and exit.

  Full documentation specific for all current command is displayed.If
  a file is specified, the documentation is written into and the
  output format is determined depending on the filename suffix.
  Supported are man page, HTML, DocBook and plain text.

* ``--help-variable var [file]``: Print help for a single variable and exit.

  Full documentation specific to the given variable is displayed.If a
  file is specified, the documentation is written into and the output
  format is determined depending on the filename suffix.  Supported
  are man page, HTML, DocBook and plain text.

* ``--help-variable-list [file]``: List documented variables and exit.

  The list contains all variables for which help may be obtained by
  using the --help-variable argument followed by a variable name.  If
  a file is specified, the help is written into it.If a file is
  specified, the documentation is written into and the output format
  is determined depending on the filename suffix.  Supported are man
  page, HTML, DocBook and plain text.

* ``--help-variables [file]``: Print help for all variables and exit.

  Full documentation for all variables is displayed.If a file is
  specified, the documentation is written into and the output format
  is determined depending on the filename suffix.  Supported are man
  page, HTML, DocBook and plain text.

* ``--copyright [file]``: Print the CMake copyright and exit.

  If a file is specified, the copyright is written into it.

* ``--help,-help,-usage,-h,-H,/?``: Print usage information and exit.

  Usage describes the basic command line interface and its options.

* ``--help-full [file]``: Print full help and exit.

  Full help displays most of the documentation provided by the UNIX
  man page.  It is provided for use on non-UNIX platforms, but is also
  convenient if the man page is not installed.  If a file is
  specified, the help is written into it.

* ``--help-html [file]``: Print full help in HTML format.

  This option is used by CMake authors to help produce web pages.  If
  a file is specified, the help is written into it.

* ``--help-man [file]``: Print full help as a UNIX man page and exit.

  This option is used by the cmake build to generate the UNIX man
  page.  If a file is specified, the help is written into it.

* ``--version,-version,/V [file]``: Show program name/version banner and exit.

  If a file is specified, the version is written into it.

::

  CMake Compatibility Listfile Commands - Obsolete commands supported by CMake for compatibility.

This is the documentation for now obsolete listfile commands from
previous CMake versions, which are still supported for compatibility
reasons.  You should instead use the newer, faster and shinier new
commands.  ;-)

Copyright 2000-2012 Kitware, Inc., Insight Software Consortium.  All
rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

Neither the names of Kitware, Inc., the Insight Software Consortium,
nor the names of their contributors may be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

The following resources are available to get help using CMake:


* ``Home Page``: http://www.cmake.org

  The primary starting point for learning about CMake.

* ``Frequently Asked Questions``: http://www.cmake.org/Wiki/CMake_FAQ

  A Wiki is provided containing answers to frequently asked questions.

* ``Online Documentation``: http://www.cmake.org/HTML/Documentation.html

  Links to available documentation may be found on this web page.

* ``Mailing List``: http://www.cmake.org/HTML/MailingLists.html

  For help and discussion about using cmake, a mailing list is
  provided at cmake@cmake.org.  The list is member-post-only but one
  may sign up on the CMake web page.  Please first read the full
  documentation at http://www.cmake.org before posting questions to
  the list.
